## How To Feed My Cats

Instructions on how to feed my cats when we are away.

## Location of Cat Food

The open cans of wet cat food will be in the fridge, in the door, in the butter
compartment. The unopened cans of wet cat food are directly to the right of the
fridge, on the counter. Directly beneath here, in the cupboard, is where Rory's
kibble is. Midnight's kibble is immediately next to her dish.

## Location of medications.

The medications are on the counter, immediately to the right of the fridge, with
the unopened cans of wet cat food.

## Rory

Rory is a complete pig, and lives to consume food. Unless he's not and hasn't
eaten much at all. Either is fine, he'll eat enough eventually to make the vet
say "Oh, he's a little overweight, should work on getting that down a bit!" Just
fill his food bowls, located at the far end of the apartment at the base of the
windows, in between Deena's desk and the couch. He'll deplete them at his own
pace.

His water dishes are located next to the main bathroom. Rory is a disgusting
drinker, and uses his filthy, filthy paw to drink, which means his water bowls
will be gross when you get there. Please empty and rinse his bowls before
refilling.

There is more than one of each bowl, so please fill all, especially if you are
going to be absent for a few days.

Rory gets a quarter of the large can of wet food per day (once in the morning,
once in the evening). He may not eat any of this food. That is normal. Use any
of the small plates in the upper cupboard to the right of the stove for this wet
food.

## Midnight

Midnight fights with Rory (or Rory fights with Midnight, we don't know which)
and thus is kept separate from him in the main bedroom. Please take care when
entering the bedroom that she does not escape, nor Rory enter, lest **A Fight**
ensue.

She may not be visible when you enter, as she can be skittish. Or she may be
desperate for affection. Who can know in advance? She is a cat, and her whims
are subject to no human scrutiny.

Her food bowls are across the room, in front of the window. They will likely
still be mostly full when you arrive, but if you feel like attempting to gain
her (incredibly fickle) affection, you can add more food to the bowl and then
supplicate before her.

Her water bowls should be visible on entering the room, directly in front of the
door. They should be emptied in the bathroom sink and refilled.

Midnight gets one half of the small can of cat food per day, with her
medications mixed in:

<img src="https://github.com/DanHulton/HowToFeedMyCats/raw/master/images/pills.jpg" width="300" />

Midnight gets some Dasuquin to keep her joints supple. Check the little section
with today's day of week on it, and if it has a pill, please twist it open and
add the powder inside to her food. If there's no pill in it, there's nothing to
be done here!

<img src="https://github.com/DanHulton/HowToFeedMyCats/raw/master/images/gabapentin.jpg" width="300" />

She also gets some Gabapentin to calm her down. Give this bottle a solid shake
to mix it up, then use one of the syringes to draw out .5mL of liquid and add it
to her food.

<img
src="https://github.com/DanHulton/HowToFeedMyCats/raw/master/images/lax.jpg"
width=300" /

She also gets some laxative to keep her regular and keep her from being brought
to the vet to fix that particular problem. Scoop out about three-quarters of the
tiny scoop and pop it in there.

**NOTE:** Midnight is sometimes disgusting and may have barfed somewhere
(including on the bed) or gotten poop stuck to her and scooted it across
something to get it off (including on the bed). If this happens and you're
uncomfortable dealing with it, just... Just let me know, and I'll clean it up
when I get back. In the meantime, she made her bed (literally and figuratively)
and can lay in it (literally and figuratively).

## The plants

There's a single sad rosemary plant in the office that will probably die soon,
but we're trying to rescue it if we can. We fed and watered it the day we left,
so it shouldn't need water for a while, but check the soil and if it seems dry,
add a bit of water. The watering can is in the main bathroom. If it dies, that's
not on you.

## Emergencies

The cats' vet is Mt. Pleasant - Davisville Animal Hospital, which is located at
745 Mount Pleasant Rd (416-481-7387). Their normal hours are Mon-Fri 8:00-5:00,
Saturday and Sunday: closed.

Holiday hours:

December 24: 7:30am-1pm December 25: CLOSED December 26: CLOSED

The cat carriers are in the top of the coat closet, next to the office door.
Alternatively, there is a cat backpack in the bedroom, on the side of the bed
nearest the bathroom. It's much, much easier to transport a cat in there, but
depending on the nature of the emergency, that may not be possible.

Always please try to get in touch with me if something comes up, but prioritize
getting the cat in question into care if I can't be reached. Feel free to take
an Uber/Lyft/Cab and pass the receipt along to me later. If you can't get in
touch with me and the problem requires less than $2000 to address (or they want
to order tests up to that amount), **go ahead**. They should know the cats
there, and we have a credit card on file, though they may require a phone call
to us to authorize its use. Alternatively, they may be fine with us paying it on
return, or if worse comes to worst and they require payment from you, let us
know ASAP and we can Interac you money to get it done.

Midnight is on an insurance plan, so that might even cover some of the costs.

## Oh fuck, they're closed!

If the Mt. Pleasant - Davisville Animal Hospital is closed, these are the next
two locations that should be open:

VEC South 920 Yonge Street, Suite 117, Toronto, Ontario M4W 3C7 416.920.2002

Willowdale Animal Hospital 256 Sheppard Ave. West, Toronto, ON M2N 1N3
416.222.5409
